== email_address-validation


This gem uses :

Gem will check:	1. Valid format of email
		2. Presence of email
		3. Uniqueness of email


1. ActiveRecord’s existing validates_format_of method to check whether the parameter corresponds to a valid email regex.
2. ActiveRecord’s existing validates_presence_of to check whether a user has entered a email address
and 
3. ActiveRecord’s existing validates_uniqueness_of to check if the email address has already been entered.

The email regex used is: /^(|(([A-Za-z0-9]+_+)|([A-Za-z0-9]+\-+)|([A-Za-z0-9]+\.+)|([A-Za-z0-9]+\++))*[A-Za-z0-9]+@((\w+\-+)|(\w+\.))*\w{1,63}\.[a-zA-Z]{2,6})$/i


== Usage:

To Install: gem install email_address_validation

Configure: add the following to User.rb (or where you want to validate emails)
      		
class User < ActiveRecord::Base
	validates_email_address_of :email

end


== Contributing to email_address_validation
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Gerard Tamakloe. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

